Updating the data quality guide (#2533)
astronomer/docs: learn/data-quality.md

![Different locations for data quality checks in an ETL pipeline](/img/guides/dq_checks_locations_example_graph.png)

> It's common to use downstream tasks of data quality checks (`post_check_action_1` and `post_check_action_2`) or [Airflow callbacks](error-notifications-in-airflow.md#airflow-callbacks) to alert data professionals of data quality issues, for example as an email or a Slack message. It is also possible to create a downstream task that only runs when all data quality checks are successful. For example, the successful checking event for reporting purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's common to use data quality checks (`post_check_action_1` and `post_check_action_2`) with [Airflow callbacks](error-notifications-in-airflow.md#airflow-callbacks) to alert data professionals of data quality issues through channels like email and Slack. You can also create a downstream task that runs only when all data quality checks are successful, which can be useful for reporting purposes.
```
Double check this one, I might have accidentally edited a change in technical meaning here.

- You want to abstract your data quality checks from the DAG code.

Currently only SQL check operators and the GreatExpectationsOperator offer data lineage extraction through [OpenLineage](airflow-openlineage.md).

### SQL check operators

:::info

You can find more details and examples using SQL check operators in the [Run data quality checks using SQL check operators](airflow-sql-data-quality.md) tutorial.

:::

SQL check operators execute a SQL statement that results in a set of booleans. A result of `True` leads to the check passing and the task being labeled as successful. A result of `False`, or any error when the statement is executed, leads to a failure of the task. Before using any of the operators, you need to define the [connection](connections.md) to your data storage from the Airflow UI or with an external secrets manager.

The SQL check operators work with any backend solution that accepts SQL queries and supports Airflow, and differ in what kind of data quality checks they can perform and how they are defined. All SQL check operators are part of the [Common SQL provider](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/apache-airflow-providers-common-sql/versions/latest).

> - [SQLColumnCheckOperator](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/apache-airflow-providers-common-sql/modules/sqlcolumncheckoperator): Can quickly define checks on columns of a table using a Python dictionary.
> - [SQLTableCheckOperator](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/apache-airflow-providers-common-sql/modules/sqltablecheckoperator): Can run aggregated and non-aggregated statements involving several columns of a table.
> - [SQLCheckOperator](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/apache-airflow-providers-common-sql/modules/sqlcheckoperator): Can be used with any SQL statement that returns a single row of booleans.
> - [SQLIntervalCheckOperator](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/apache-airflow-providers-common-sql/modules/sqlintervalcheckoperator): Runs checks against historical data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [SQLColumnCheckOperator](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/apache-airflow-providers-common-sql/modules/sqlcolumncheckoperator): Defines checks on columns of a table using a Python dictionary.
- [SQLTableCheckOperator](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/apache-airflow-providers-common-sql/modules/sqltablecheckoperator): Runs aggregated and non-aggregated statements involving several columns of a table.
- [SQLCheckOperator](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/apache-airflow-providers-common-sql/modules/sqlcheckoperator): Runs a SQL statement that returns a single row of booleans.
- [SQLIntervalCheckOperator](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/apache-airflow-providers-common-sql/modules/sqlintervalcheckoperator): Runs checks against historical data.
```

> As well as the older [SQLValueCheckOperator](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/apache-airflow-providers-common-sql/modules/sqlvaluecheckoperator) and [SQLThresholdCheckOperator](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/apache-airflow-providers-common-sql/modules/sqlthresholdcheckoperator).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Astronomer recommends using the SQLColumnCheckOperator and SQLTableCheckOperator over the older [SQLValueCheckOperator](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/apache-airflow-providers-common-sql/modules/sqlvaluecheckoperator) and [SQLThresholdCheckOperator](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/apache-airflow-providers-common-sql/modules/sqlthresholdcheckoperator).
```

The logs from SQL check operators can be found in the regular Airflow task logs.

### Great Expectations

Great Expectations is an open source data validation framework that allows the user to define data quality checks in JSON. The checks, also known as Expectation Suites, can be run in a DAG using the GreatExpectationsOperator from the [Great Expectations provider](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/airflow-provider-great-expectations/versions/latest). All currently available Expectations can be viewed on the [Great Expectations website](https://greatexpectations.io/expectations) and creation of [Custom Expectations](https://docs.greatexpectations.io/docs/guides/expectations/custom_expectations_lp) is possible.

> The easiest way to use Great Expectations with Airflow is to initialize a Great Expectations project in a directory accessible to your Airflow environment and using the automatic creation of a [Checkpoint](https://docs.greatexpectations.io/docs/terms/checkpoint) and [Datasource](https://docs.greatexpectations.io/docs/terms/datasource) from an [Airflow connection](connections.md) by the GreatExpectationsOperator. This basic usage of the GreatExpectationsOperator does not need in-depth Great Expectations knowledge and full customization is possible. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The easiest way to use Great Expectations with Airflow is to initialize a Great Expectations project in a directory accessible to your Airflow environment and using the automatic creation of a [Checkpoint](https://docs.greatexpectations.io/docs/terms/checkpoint) and [Datasource](https://docs.greatexpectations.io/docs/terms/datasource) from an [Airflow connection](connections.md) by the GreatExpectationsOperator.
```
Sentence seems sort of self-evident right? Easiest = don't need in-depth knowledge
